Updated install, dev and contributing docs (#4378)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/dev_guide/pr_review_procedure.rst

Continuous Integration
======================

Currently we have a variety of services that respond or activate on an opened pull request.

Comments from bots:

* `pep8speaks <https://github.com/OrkoHunter/pep8speaks>`_: Performs a PEP8 check on any submitted code. This is updated as the code changes.

Checks that appear at the bottom of a pull request:

.. image:: images/checks_pr.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: PR checks

or at the top under the "Checks" tab:

.. image:: images/checks.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: PR checks tab

* `figure-tests (CircleCi) <https://circleci.com/gh/sunpy/sunpy/>`_: Runs two figure tests environments ("py38-figure", "py37-figure-devdeps").

> * figure_report/figure_tests (Giles): Show the final results of the figure tests.

Author: ```suggestion
* figure_report (Giles): Show the final results of the figure tests.
```

figure_tests is now gone.

> * figure_report/figure_tests (Giles): Show the final results of the figure tests.

Author: Seems to have gone, it has been removed now.

* figure_report_devdeps (Giles): Show the final results of the figure tests using development packages.

* changelog: absent | found (Giles): If a changelog is needed, this will check and will pass if a changelog with the correct number is found.

* milestone: absent | present (Giles): Will check that the pull request has a milestone assigned.

* `docs/readthedocs.org:sunpy (Read the Docs) <https://readthedocs.org/projects/sunpy/>`_: This builds our documentation.

* `sunpy.sunpy (Azure Pipelines) <https://dev.azure.com/sunpy/sunpy/_build>`_: Runs our test suite on all three operating systems.
  There are 10 separate checks for this.

* `codecov/patch (CodeCov) <https://codecov.io/gh/sunpy/sunpy/>`_: Checks how many lines of the code lack test coverage for the submitted code.

* `codecov/project (CodeCov) <https://codecov.io/gh/sunpy/sunpy/>`_: Checks how many lines of the code lack test coverage in sunpy overall.

It is common to see some of these checks fail.

> This can be happen to due a change that has broken a test or a remote server that we use has failed.

Author: ```suggestion
This can be happen due to a change that has broken a test (should be fixed) or a remote server has failed (might have to wait for it to come back).
```

> Therefore it is important to check why a task failed and if has a pre-existing issue, it can be safe to ignore on that pull request.

Author: ```suggestion
Therefore it is important to check why a task failed and if has a pre-existing issue, it can be safe to ignore a failing check on that pull request.
```

> Therefore it is important to check why a task failed and if has a pre-existing issue, it can be safe to ignore a failing check on that pull request.

Reviewer: How do we know if a failure is a pre-existing issue? Do we have a label for these issues that we can point people to?

Author: Sometimes we open issues for it. I will expand upon this section.

Author: Expanded.

However, you should try to ensure that as many checks pass before merging.

Understanding Azure Pipelines
-----------------------------

The vast majority of our tests are run on Azure Pipelines and this means you might have to navigate to the results if you want to check why the tests failed.

The Azure checks on GitHub manifest:

.. image:: images/azure_check_pr.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: PR checks tab

> This is the main form and there will be one per Azure job ran and a summary one just called "sunpy.sunpy".

Author: ```suggestion
This is the main form and there will be one check per Azure job ran and a summary one just called "sunpy.sunpy".
```

> The details text will redirect you to the "Check" tab.

Author: ```suggestion
The details text will redirect you to the "Checks" tab.
```

> This is the main form and there will be one check per Azure job ran and a summary one just called "sunpy.sunpy".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the main form. There will be one check per Azure job ran, and a summary one called "sunpy.sunpy".
```

Doing so will show:

.. image:: images/azure_summary_check.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: Summary of Azure outputs on Checks tab

You get some statistics that you don't need to worry about and then a series of boxes under the "ANNOTATIONS" heading.
Unfortunately, when a Azure step fails you sometimes will get "Bash exited with code '1'." which means you have to go to the page to see what happened.
If the failure is due to a test, you will get a selection of test outputs under this heading.

On the left you should see the entire list of Azure checks.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

You can go to a failing check and you will see:

.. image:: images/azure_goto.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: Go to Azure Pipelines

which will take you to the Azure Pipelines website.
This will load up the following:

.. image:: images/azure_steps_in_job.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: Build steps in Azure

Here you can see each step that is undertaken during a job on Azure.
Normally the "Running tox" should be red if the tests have failed.

> You will want to click on this which will load up the output from the test suite.

Author: ```suggestion
You will need to click on this so it will load the output from the test suite.
```

> Our test suite is quite verbose so there is a lot of text loaded.

Author: ```suggestion
Our test suite is very verbose, so there will be a lot of text outputted.
```

> The important bits of information should be at the bottom as "pytest" prints out a summary at the end.

Author: ```suggestion
The important bits of information should be at the bottom as "pytest" prints out a test summary at the end.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
For example:

```

    SKIPPED [1] .tox\py37\lib\site-packages\sunpy\io\tests\test_filetools.py:54: Glymur can not be imported.
    SKIPPED [1] .tox\py37\lib\site-packages\sunpy\io\tests\test_filetools.py:73: Glymur can not be imported.
    SKIPPED [1] .tox\py37\lib\site-packages\sunpy\io\tests\test_filetools.py:106: ANA is not available.
    SKIPPED [1] .tox\py37\lib\site-packages\sunpy\io\tests\test_filetools.py:115: ANA is not available.
    SKIPPED [1] .tox\py37\lib\site-packages\sunpy\io\tests\test_filetools.py:122: ANA is not available.
    SKIPPED [1] .tox\py37\lib\site-packages\sunpy\io\tests\test_jp2.py:11: Glymur can not be imported.
    SKIPPED [1] .tox\py37\lib\site-packages\sunpy\io\tests\test_jp2.py:21: Glymur can not be imported.
    SKIPPED [1] .tox\py37\lib\site-packages\sunpy\io\tests\test_jp2.py:31: Glymur can not be imported.
    SKIPPED [1] .tox\py37\lib\site-packages\sunpy\net\tests\test_fido.py:298: Windows.
    SKIPPED [1] .tox\py37\lib\site-packages\sunpy\net\tests\test_helioviewer.py:90: Glymur can not be imported.
    FAILED ..\..\.tox\py37\lib\site-packages\sunpy\timeseries\sources\noaa.py::sunpy.timeseries.sources.noaa.NOAAGoesSXRTimeSeries

> You can then search for the name of the test and it should find the full output from the failed test.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to find the full test output, you can search the tab for the name of the test out of the ~3 results, one will be that output.
```
